fix: set node-fetch install version to 2.6.5 (#883)
discordjs/guide: guide/additional-info/rest-api.md

:::: code-group
::: code-group-item npm
```sh:no-line-numbers
npm install node-fetch@2.6.5
```
:::
::: code-group-item yarn
```sh:no-line-numbers
yarn add node-fetch@2.6.5
```
:::
::: code-group-item pnpm
```sh:no-line-numbers
pnpm add node-fetch@2.6.5
```
:::
::::

::: tip

> We're installing version 2.6.5 of node-fetch because version 3+ doesn't works with `require()` syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're installing version 2.6.5 of `node-fetch` because versions 3+ do not support `require()` syntax.
```

> We're installing version 2.6.5 of `node-fetch` because versions 3+ do not support `require()` syntax.

Reviewer 2: Wrong "we" usage. You're not referring to the guide writers specifically here (we aren't installing anything on the reader's system). I'd propose

```suggestion
Newer versions of `node-fetch` do not support the [CommonJS](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#modules_modules_commonjs_modules) `require()` syntax.
```

...or similar.
